# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## AdColony

You must accept the terms and conditions on the AdColony website by registering in order to legally use the AdColony SDK. U.S. based companies will need to complete the W-9 form and send it to us, as well as complete the section on payment information on clients.adcolony.com, before publisher payments can be issued.

## AppLovinSDK


Copyright 2021 AppLovin Corp. All rights reserved.

The AppLovin SDK is available under a commercial license (https://www.applovin.com/eula).



## AppsFlyer-AdRevenue

Terms of Use
AppsFlyer Ltd. (“AppsFlyer” or “us”, “our”, “we”) provides a software development kit which allows the tracking of mobile application use, installations and downloads (the “Service(s)”). These Terms of use (this “Agreement”) govern your access and use of the Services, and any code provided by AppsFlyer. “You”/”Company” means any third party that uses the Service.

Please read this Agreement carefully. You must accept this Agreement prior to using the Service or any code provided by AppsFlyer. By downloading or installing the AppsFlyer code or using the Service, you signify your assent to this Agreement. Changes may be made to this Agreement from time to time. We will make reasonable commercial efforts to notify you of any material updates to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, your continued use of the Service will be deemed acceptance to amended or updated Terms. As such, you should check frequently to see if we have updated this Agreement. If you do not agree to any terms or conditions of this Agreement, please do not use the Service.

1. Services. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, during the Term (as defined below) AppsFlyer shall provide Company with the Services on a non-exclusive basis solely for Company’s own internal uses and, for this purpose, Company shall integrate the code provided by AppsFlyer, including AppsFlyer’s SDK, tracking links and APIs (collectively, the “Code”), into Company’s own proprietary mobile application (Company’s “Application”).

2. Registration. In order to use the Services, Company will be required to register with AppsFlyer and open an account. Company must provide all information necessary for the registration process. Company represents and warrants that all such information shall be accurate and complete. Company shall keep such information up-to-date. Company shall immediately notify AppsFlyer if there is any change in such information or security breach of the account.

3. Restrictions.

3.1. Except as set forth expressly herein or as permitted by the Services, Company shall not, and shall not permit any third party, to (a) reverse engineer or attempt to find the underlying code of the Services; (b) modify the Services, or insert any code or product, or in any other way manipulate the Services in any way; (c) modify the Code in any way without AppsFlyer’s prior written consent; (d) sublicense, sell, or distribute the Code or bypass any security measure of AppsFlyer with respect to the Services; (e) distribute the Code on a stand-alone basis; or (f) use the Services except for Company’s own internal purposes.

3.2. To the extent any of the restrictions set forth above are not enforceable under applicable law, Company shall inform AppsFlyer in writing prior to engaging in any of the applicable activities.

4. Warranties.

4.1. Mutual Warranties. Each party represents and warrants that (a) it is duly organized under applicable law and has sufficient authority to enter into this Agreement and that, (b) the execution and performance under this Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations such party has to any third party.

4.2. AppsFlyer Warranties. AppsFlyer represents and warrants that the Services (a) do not, to the best of its knowledge, infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party, (b) do not contain any defamatory, libelous, obscene or otherwise offensive material, (c) comply with all applicable law and regulations (provided, that with respect to data provided by Company to AppsFlyer, AppsFlyer’s compliance with applicable law is subject to Company’s full compliance with applicable law with respect to such data, including its transfer to, and processing by, AppsFlyer), (d) do not collect, use or transfer the data of end users except pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or for the provision of the Services, and (e) do not to the best of its knowledge contain any worms, viruses, spyware, adware or other malicious or intrusive software.

4.3. Company Warranties. Company represents and warrants that its Application and Data (a) do not, to the best of its knowledge, infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party, (b) do not contain any defamatory, libelous, obscene or otherwise offensive material, (c) comply with all applicable law and regulations, including applicable data protection law, (d) do not collect, use or transfer the data of end users in any manner not clearly and accurately disclosed pursuant to a privacy policy that complies with applicable law and regulations, and (e) do not contain any worms, viruses, spyware, adware or other malicious or intrusive software and (f) provides to its users a clear description of its use of the data, including its transfer to, and processing by, AppsFlyer.

5. Intellectual Property. Company shall have all right, title and interest in its Application. AppsFlyer shall have all right, title and interest in the Code and the Services, and all software that provides the Services. If Company provides AppsFlyer with any feedback regarding the Code and/or the Services, AppsFlyer may use all such feedback without restriction. Nothing herein shall be interpreted to provide Company any rights in the Code or the Services except the limited right to use the Code and receive the Service as set forth herein.

6. Payment. AppsFlyer offers several pricing plans, and Company must choose a pricing plan prior to downloading and using the Services. If required by law, Company must add applicable VAT to the amounts payable under such pricing plan. Company shall make payment to AppsFlyer without deduction for and free and clear of any taxes and government charges. Amounts are due and payable within 10 days of AppsFlyer’s issuance of the applicable invoice. Late payments shall bear interest at the rate of 12% per annum. If Company pays using a third party payment processor or credit card, AppsFlyer accepts no responsibility or liability for the actions, omissions or privacy policies of the third party payment processor.

7. Data, Privacy, Retention and Restricted Data.

7.1. The Services enable the Company to collect and track data concerning the characteristics and activities of Application end users as long as the Code is installed (“Data”). Company owns, and retains all right, title and interest in Data. Company may modify the categories of Data collected by the Service through configuration of the Services. Accordingly, to the extent the Services are configured as such, Data may contain personally-identifiable information. AppsFlyer shall not transfer Data to third parties except as set forth in this Agreement or as directed by Company. Company represents and warrants that Company is permitted to collect, use and transfer Data through the Services.

7.2. Any personally identifiable information or Personal Data, as such term is defined under the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR” and “Personal Data” respectively) provided to AppsFlyer on Company’s behalf, if any, and the processing thereof, shall be governed under the terms and conditions set forth in the AppsFlyer Data Processing Agreement (“DPA”). A current version of the DPA executed by AppsFlyer is available at https://www.appsflyer.com/gdpr/dpa.pdf, and shall become effective as of May 25 2018. AppsFlyer shall provide prior notification to Company in writing upon any material change to the DPA. The DPA is an integral part of this Agreement. Unless otherwise explicitly agreed in writing by the parties, it is agreed and acknowledged that with respect to any personally-identifiable information and Personal Data included in the Data, Company shall be considered as the Controller and AppsFlyer shall be considered as the Processor (as such terms are defined under the GDPR and the DPA).

7.3. AppsFlyer may use aggregated anonymized data, from time to time, for analytics, improvement of the Services and internal purposes (“Aggregated Data”). Aggregated Data may include data derived from the Company’s Data, provided that Aggregated Data does not contain data solely derived from Company’s Data and does not identify or trace to Company or any of Company’s end users.

7.4. AppsFlyer publishes a privacy policy, as required under applicable law, which describes AppsFlyer’s collection and use of data. A current copy of AppsFlyer’s privacy policy is available at https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy (“Privacy Policy”). AppsFlyer shall provide prior notification to Company in writing upon any material change to the privacy policy.

7.5. AppsFlyer and its agents may process Data outside of the jurisdiction of Company.

7.6. AppsFlyer’ is required by certain third parties (such as advertising networks) to delete data they provide after a specified period of time. As such, AppsFlyer may delete Data provided by such third parties in accordance with its standard data retention policies.

7.7. Company may only provide to AppsFlyer, or otherwise have AppsFlyer (or anyone on its behalf) process, such Data types and parameters which are explicitly permitted under AppsFlyer’s Privacy Policy (“Permitted Controller Personal Data Types and Parameters”, as also defined under the DPA). Solely Company (and not AppsFlyer) shall be liable for any data which is provided or otherwise made available to AppsFlyer or anyone on its behalf in excess of the Permitted Controller Personal Data Types and Parameters (“Excess Data”). AppsFlyer’s obligations under the Agreement or the DPA shall not apply to any such Excess Data.

7.8. Without derogating from any of the obligations of Company hereunder, Company shall not provide to AppsFlyer any data regarding children, or any health, financial, or insurance data or other data subject to specific regulatory or statutory protection regimes, except as may otherwise be expressly agreed in writing between the parties and in accordance with applicable law.

8. Confidentiality.

8.1. In the context of the relationship under this Agreement, either party (a “Disclosing Party”) may disclose to the other party (a “Receiving Party”) certain confidential information regarding its technology and business (“Confidential Information”). AppsFlyer’s Confidential Information includes, among others, the terms and pricing of this Agreement.

8.2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Receiving Party agrees to keep confidential and not disclose or use any Confidential Information except to support its use or provision of the Services. Confidential Information shall not include information that Receiving Party can show (a) was already lawfully known to or independently developed by Receiving Party without access to or use of Confidential Information, (b) was received by Receiving Party from any third party without restrictions, (c) is publicly and generally available, free of confidentiality restrictions; or (d) is required to be disclosed by law, regulation or is requested in the context of a law enforcement investigation, provided that Receiving Party provides Disclosing Party with prompt notice of such requirement and cooperates in order to minimize such requirement. Receiving Party shall restrict disclosure of Confidential Information to those of its employees and contractors with a reasonable need to know such information and which are bound by written confidentiality obligations no less restrictive than those set out herein. Company will not disclose any information regarding the results of any testing or evaluation of the Services to any third party without AppsFlyer’s prior written consent.

8.3. The non-disclosure and non-use obligations set forth in this Section 8 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement for a period of 5 years.

9. Analytics. The Services include the provision of certain reports and analytics regarding the Data (“Analytics”). AppsFlyer makes no warranty that the Analytics provided shall be useful to Company’s business. Company is solely responsible for any actions Company may take based on the Analytics.

10. Support. Company may contact AppsFlyer with regard to support for the Services by sending an email to support@appsflyer.com. AppsFlyer shall provide up to 5 hours of support each month at no additional charge.

11. Service Levels. AppsFlyer shall provide Services in accordance with the service commitments in Appendix B.

12. Indemnification.

12.1. AppsFlyer Indemnification.

12.1.1. AppsFlyer shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Company (and its affiliates, officers, directors and employees) from and against any and all damages, costs, losses, liabilities or expenses (including court costs and reasonable attorneys’ legal fees) which Company may suffer or incur in connection with any actual claim, demand, action or other proceeding by any third party arising from: (a) any breach of AppsFlyer’s obligations, representations or warranties herein; or (b) a claim that the Code and/or Services infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party. This Section 12.1 sets forth AppsFlyer’s sole obligations and Company’s sole remedies for any claim that the Code and/or Services infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party.

12.1.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, AppsFlyer shall have no responsibility or liability for any claim to the extent resulting from or arising out of (a) the use of the Code or Services not in compliance with this Agreement or applicable law, (b) the combination of the Code or Services with any code or services not provided by AppsFlyer, (c) the modification of any Code or Services by any party other than AppsFlyer or (d) the use of any Code that is not the most up-to-date Code.

12.1.3. If the Services shall be the subject of an infringement claim, or AppsFlyer reasonably believes that the Services shall be the subject of an infringement claim, AppsFlyer may terminate this Agreement with written notice if modification of the Services to be non-infringing is not reasonably practical.

12.2. Company Indemnification. Company shall defend and indemnify AppsFlyer (and its affiliates, officers, directors and employees) from and against any and all damages, costs, losses, liabilities or expenses (including court costs and attorneys’ fees) which AppsFlyer may suffer or incur in connection with any actual claim, demand, action or other proceeding by any third party arising from: (a) any breach of Company’s obligations, representations or warranties herein; or (b) any use or distribution of the Company’s Application in violation of this Agreement or applicable law or regulations.

12.3. Procedure. The obligations of either party to provide indemnification under this Agreement will be contingent upon the indemnified party (i) providing the indemnifying party with prompt written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the indemnified party’s failure to notify the indemnifying party will not diminish the indemnifying party’s obligations under this Section 12 except to the extent that the indemnifying party is materially prejudiced as a result of such failure), (ii) cooperating fully with the indemnifying party (at the indemnifying party’s expense), and (iii) allowing the indemnifying party to control the defense and settlement of such claim, provided that no settlement may be entered into without the consent of the indemnified party if such settlement would require any action on the part of the indemnified party other than to cease using any allegedly infringing or illegal content or services. Subject to the foregoing, an indemnified party will at all times have the option to participate in any matter or litigation through counsel of its own selection at its own expense.

13. Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, COMPANY ACCEPTS THE CODE AND SERVICES “AS IS” AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT APPSFLYER MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

14. Limitation of Liability.

14.1. IN NO EVENT SHALL APPSFLYER, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AFFILIATES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SERVICES OR THE ARRANGEMENTS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN.

14.2. EXCEPT FOR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY, DATA OR PRIVACY OBLIGATIONS AND APPSFLYER’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT (THE “CARVE-OUT CLAIMS”), APPSFLYER’S ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES OR UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF PAYMENT RECEIVED BY APPSFLYER FROM COMPANY IN THE 12 MONTHS PRECEDING THE APPLICABLE CLAIM, IN THE AGGREGATE. WITH RESPECT TO THE CARVE-OUT CLAIMS, APPSFLYER’S ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES OR UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED TWO (2) TIMES THE AMOUNT OF PAYMENT RECEIVED BY APPSFLYER FROM COMPANY IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE APPLICABLE CLAIM, IN THE AGGREGATE.

15. Term and Termination.

15.1. The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the day you accept this Agreement or, if earlier, the date that you integrate the Code into an Application and shall continue in effect for a period of twelve (12) months (the “Initial Term”); provided that if Company selects the “Basic Pay-Per-Use” package, as shown on AppsFlyer’s website, this Agreement shall be in effect on a month-to-month basis. Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for subsequent terms of twelve (12) months each (each a “Renewal Term” and together with the Initial Term, the “Term”), unless one of the parties notifies the other party of its intention not to renew the Agreement at least 45 days prior to the commencement of any Renewal Term.

15.2. Either party may terminate this Agreement with written notice if it has reason to believe that the other Party is in material breach of this Agreement, and such breach is not cured within 30 days from the receipt of written notice of such breach. In addition, either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon 30 days’ written notice to the other party pursuant to section 5.3 of the DPA.

15.3. This agreement is based on a reasonable and fair use of the Services. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any use that is not aligned with such fair use may be overcharged or terminated immediately by AppsFlyer.

15.4. Upon any termination or expiration of this Agreement, AppsFlyer will cease providing the Services. In the event of any termination (a) Company will not be entitled to any refunds of any nonrefundable fees, (b) any outstanding balance for Services rendered through the date of termination will be immediately due and payable in full, and (c) Company’s historical data will be available for download through AppsFlyer’s standard user interface for a period of 30 days. Any obligations of the Parties that by their nature are intended to survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, including the obligations of the Parties in Sections 3 – 9 and 12 – 15 of this Agreement, shall survive any termination thereof.

16. Publicity. During the Term, AppsFlyer may refer to Company as a customer of AppsFlyer, including by displaying Company’s name and logo on AppsFlyer’s website and other marketing materials.

17. Miscellaneous.

17.1. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all other agreements between the parties, whether written or oral, regarding the subject matter hereof. For clarity, the provisions of this Agreement supersede any earlier non-disclosure or confidentiality agreements between the parties. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement may not be modified or amended except in a writing executed by both parties.

17.2. All waivers must be in writing. A waiver of any default hereunder or of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be deemed to be a continuing waiver or a waiver of any other default or of any other term or condition, but shall apply solely to the instance to which such waiver is directed. AppsFlyer may provide Company with notices required hereunder by contacting Company at any email address Company provided, including in its registration information.

17.3. Neither Party may assign any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, such consent not to be required in the event of an assignment by one of the Parties to a purchaser of all or substantially all of the assignor’s assets or share capital. The assignor shall provide the other Party with written notice of the assignment. Assignment in violation of the foregoing shall be void.

17.4. If any part of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable, such part shall be interpreted to give the maximum force possible to such terms as possible under applicable law, and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other part or provision of this Agreement which shall remain in full force and effect.
17.5. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, and the competent courts in the city of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear any disputes arising hereunder.

Appendix A: Fees and Services

[PACKAGE OF SERVICES TO BE CHOSEN BY COMPANY]

Appendix B: Service Levels

AppsFlyer service commitments do not include downtime to extent resulting from: previously scheduled maintenance and events beyond AppsFlyer’s reasonable control, such as any down time (a) caused by outages to any public Internet backbones, networks or servers, (b) caused by any failures of Company’s Application, equipment, systems or local access services, or (c) strikes, riots, insurrection, fires, floods, explosions, war, governmental action, labor conditions, earthquakes or natural disasters.


## AppsFlyer-AdRevenue-MoPub

Terms of Use
AppsFlyer Ltd. (“AppsFlyer” or “us”, “our”, “we”) provides a software development kit which allows the tracking of mobile application use, installations and downloads (the “Service(s)”). These Terms of use (this “Agreement”) govern your access and use of the Services, and any code provided by AppsFlyer. “You”/”Company” means any third party that uses the Service.

Please read this Agreement carefully. You must accept this Agreement prior to using the Service or any code provided by AppsFlyer. By downloading or installing the AppsFlyer code or using the Service, you signify your assent to this Agreement. Changes may be made to this Agreement from time to time. We will make reasonable commercial efforts to notify you of any material updates to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, your continued use of the Service will be deemed acceptance to amended or updated Terms. As such, you should check frequently to see if we have updated this Agreement. If you do not agree to any terms or conditions of this Agreement, please do not use the Service.

1. Services. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, during the Term (as defined below) AppsFlyer shall provide Company with the Services on a non-exclusive basis solely for Company’s own internal uses and, for this purpose, Company shall integrate the code provided by AppsFlyer, including AppsFlyer’s SDK, tracking links and APIs (collectively, the “Code”), into Company’s own proprietary mobile application (Company’s “Application”).

2. Registration. In order to use the Services, Company will be required to register with AppsFlyer and open an account. Company must provide all information necessary for the registration process. Company represents and warrants that all such information shall be accurate and complete. Company shall keep such information up-to-date. Company shall immediately notify AppsFlyer if there is any change in such information or security breach of the account.

3. Restrictions.

3.1. Except as set forth expressly herein or as permitted by the Services, Company shall not, and shall not permit any third party, to (a) reverse engineer or attempt to find the underlying code of the Services; (b) modify the Services, or insert any code or product, or in any other way manipulate the Services in any way; (c) modify the Code in any way without AppsFlyer’s prior written consent; (d) sublicense, sell, or distribute the Code or bypass any security measure of AppsFlyer with respect to the Services; (e) distribute the Code on a stand-alone basis; or (f) use the Services except for Company’s own internal purposes.

3.2. To the extent any of the restrictions set forth above are not enforceable under applicable law, Company shall inform AppsFlyer in writing prior to engaging in any of the applicable activities.

4. Warranties.

4.1. Mutual Warranties. Each party represents and warrants that (a) it is duly organized under applicable law and has sufficient authority to enter into this Agreement and that, (b) the execution and performance under this Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations such party has to any third party.

4.2. AppsFlyer Warranties. AppsFlyer represents and warrants that the Services (a) do not, to the best of its knowledge, infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party, (b) do not contain any defamatory, libelous, obscene or otherwise offensive material, (c) comply with all applicable law and regulations (provided, that with respect to data provided by Company to AppsFlyer, AppsFlyer’s compliance with applicable law is subject to Company’s full compliance with applicable law with respect to such data, including its transfer to, and processing by, AppsFlyer), (d) do not collect, use or transfer the data of end users except pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or for the provision of the Services, and (e) do not to the best of its knowledge contain any worms, viruses, spyware, adware or other malicious or intrusive software.

4.3. Company Warranties. Company represents and warrants that its Application and Data (a) do not, to the best of its knowledge, infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party, (b) do not contain any defamatory, libelous, obscene or otherwise offensive material, (c) comply with all applicable law and regulations, including applicable data protection law, (d) do not collect, use or transfer the data of end users in any manner not clearly and accurately disclosed pursuant to a privacy policy that complies with applicable law and regulations, and (e) do not contain any worms, viruses, spyware, adware or other malicious or intrusive software and (f) provides to its users a clear description of its use of the data, including its transfer to, and processing by, AppsFlyer.

5. Intellectual Property. Company shall have all right, title and interest in its Application. AppsFlyer shall have all right, title and interest in the Code and the Services, and all software that provides the Services. If Company provides AppsFlyer with any feedback regarding the Code and/or the Services, AppsFlyer may use all such feedback without restriction. Nothing herein shall be interpreted to provide Company any rights in the Code or the Services except the limited right to use the Code and receive the Service as set forth herein.

6. Payment. AppsFlyer offers several pricing plans, and Company must choose a pricing plan prior to downloading and using the Services. If required by law, Company must add applicable VAT to the amounts payable under such pricing plan. Company shall make payment to AppsFlyer without deduction for and free and clear of any taxes and government charges. Amounts are due and payable within 10 days of AppsFlyer’s issuance of the applicable invoice. Late payments shall bear interest at the rate of 12% per annum. If Company pays using a third party payment processor or credit card, AppsFlyer accepts no responsibility or liability for the actions, omissions or privacy policies of the third party payment processor.

7. Data, Privacy, Retention and Restricted Data.

7.1. The Services enable the Company to collect and track data concerning the characteristics and activities of Application end users as long as the Code is installed (“Data”). Company owns, and retains all right, title and interest in Data. Company may modify the categories of Data collected by the Service through configuration of the Services. Accordingly, to the extent the Services are configured as such, Data may contain personally-identifiable information. AppsFlyer shall not transfer Data to third parties except as set forth in this Agreement or as directed by Company. Company represents and warrants that Company is permitted to collect, use and transfer Data through the Services.

7.2. Any personally identifiable information or Personal Data, as such term is defined under the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR” and “Personal Data” respectively) provided to AppsFlyer on Company’s behalf, if any, and the processing thereof, shall be governed under the terms and conditions set forth in the AppsFlyer Data Processing Agreement (“DPA”). A current version of the DPA executed by AppsFlyer is available at https://www.appsflyer.com/gdpr/dpa.pdf, and shall become effective as of May 25 2018. AppsFlyer shall provide prior notification to Company in writing upon any material change to the DPA. The DPA is an integral part of this Agreement. Unless otherwise explicitly agreed in writing by the parties, it is agreed and acknowledged that with respect to any personally-identifiable information and Personal Data included in the Data, Company shall be considered as the Controller and AppsFlyer shall be considered as the Processor (as such terms are defined under the GDPR and the DPA).

7.3. AppsFlyer may use aggregated anonymized data, from time to time, for analytics, improvement of the Services and internal purposes (“Aggregated Data”). Aggregated Data may include data derived from the Company’s Data, provided that Aggregated Data does not contain data solely derived from Company’s Data and does not identify or trace to Company or any of Company’s end users.

7.4. AppsFlyer publishes a privacy policy, as required under applicable law, which describes AppsFlyer’s collection and use of data. A current copy of AppsFlyer’s privacy policy is available at https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy (“Privacy Policy”). AppsFlyer shall provide prior notification to Company in writing upon any material change to the privacy policy.

7.5. AppsFlyer and its agents may process Data outside of the jurisdiction of Company.

7.6. AppsFlyer’ is required by certain third parties (such as advertising networks) to delete data they provide after a specified period of time. As such, AppsFlyer may delete Data provided by such third parties in accordance with its standard data retention policies.

7.7. Company may only provide to AppsFlyer, or otherwise have AppsFlyer (or anyone on its behalf) process, such Data types and parameters which are explicitly permitted under AppsFlyer’s Privacy Policy (“Permitted Controller Personal Data Types and Parameters”, as also defined under the DPA). Solely Company (and not AppsFlyer) shall be liable for any data which is provided or otherwise made available to AppsFlyer or anyone on its behalf in excess of the Permitted Controller Personal Data Types and Parameters (“Excess Data”). AppsFlyer’s obligations under the Agreement or the DPA shall not apply to any such Excess Data.

7.8. Without derogating from any of the obligations of Company hereunder, Company shall not provide to AppsFlyer any data regarding children, or any health, financial, or insurance data or other data subject to specific regulatory or statutory protection regimes, except as may otherwise be expressly agreed in writing between the parties and in accordance with applicable law.

8. Confidentiality.

8.1. In the context of the relationship under this Agreement, either party (a “Disclosing Party”) may disclose to the other party (a “Receiving Party”) certain confidential information regarding its technology and business (“Confidential Information”). AppsFlyer’s Confidential Information includes, among others, the terms and pricing of this Agreement.

8.2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Receiving Party agrees to keep confidential and not disclose or use any Confidential Information except to support its use or provision of the Services. Confidential Information shall not include information that Receiving Party can show (a) was already lawfully known to or independently developed by Receiving Party without access to or use of Confidential Information, (b) was received by Receiving Party from any third party without restrictions, (c) is publicly and generally available, free of confidentiality restrictions; or (d) is required to be disclosed by law, regulation or is requested in the context of a law enforcement investigation, provided that Receiving Party provides Disclosing Party with prompt notice of such requirement and cooperates in order to minimize such requirement. Receiving Party shall restrict disclosure of Confidential Information to those of its employees and contractors with a reasonable need to know such information and which are bound by written confidentiality obligations no less restrictive than those set out herein. Company will not disclose any information regarding the results of any testing or evaluation of the Services to any third party without AppsFlyer’s prior written consent.

8.3. The non-disclosure and non-use obligations set forth in this Section 8 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement for a period of 5 years.

9. Analytics. The Services include the provision of certain reports and analytics regarding the Data (“Analytics”). AppsFlyer makes no warranty that the Analytics provided shall be useful to Company’s business. Company is solely responsible for any actions Company may take based on the Analytics.

10. Support. Company may contact AppsFlyer with regard to support for the Services by sending an email to support@appsflyer.com. AppsFlyer shall provide up to 5 hours of support each month at no additional charge.

11. Service Levels. AppsFlyer shall provide Services in accordance with the service commitments in Appendix B.

12. Indemnification.

12.1. AppsFlyer Indemnification.

12.1.1. AppsFlyer shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Company (and its affiliates, officers, directors and employees) from and against any and all damages, costs, losses, liabilities or expenses (including court costs and reasonable attorneys’ legal fees) which Company may suffer or incur in connection with any actual claim, demand, action or other proceeding by any third party arising from: (a) any breach of AppsFlyer’s obligations, representations or warranties herein; or (b) a claim that the Code and/or Services infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party. This Section 12.1 sets forth AppsFlyer’s sole obligations and Company’s sole remedies for any claim that the Code and/or Services infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party.

12.1.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, AppsFlyer shall have no responsibility or liability for any claim to the extent resulting from or arising out of (a) the use of the Code or Services not in compliance with this Agreement or applicable law, (b) the combination of the Code or Services with any code or services not provided by AppsFlyer, (c) the modification of any Code or Services by any party other than AppsFlyer or (d) the use of any Code that is not the most up-to-date Code.

12.1.3. If the Services shall be the subject of an infringement claim, or AppsFlyer reasonably believes that the Services shall be the subject of an infringement claim, AppsFlyer may terminate this Agreement with written notice if modification of the Services to be non-infringing is not reasonably practical.

12.2. Company Indemnification. Company shall defend and indemnify AppsFlyer (and its affiliates, officers, directors and employees) from and against any and all damages, costs, losses, liabilities or expenses (including court costs and attorneys’ fees) which AppsFlyer may suffer or incur in connection with any actual claim, demand, action or other proceeding by any third party arising from: (a) any breach of Company’s obligations, representations or warranties herein; or (b) any use or distribution of the Company’s Application in violation of this Agreement or applicable law or regulations.

12.3. Procedure. The obligations of either party to provide indemnification under this Agreement will be contingent upon the indemnified party (i) providing the indemnifying party with prompt written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the indemnified party’s failure to notify the indemnifying party will not diminish the indemnifying party’s obligations under this Section 12 except to the extent that the indemnifying party is materially prejudiced as a result of such failure), (ii) cooperating fully with the indemnifying party (at the indemnifying party’s expense), and (iii) allowing the indemnifying party to control the defense and settlement of such claim, provided that no settlement may be entered into without the consent of the indemnified party if such settlement would require any action on the part of the indemnified party other than to cease using any allegedly infringing or illegal content or services. Subject to the foregoing, an indemnified party will at all times have the option to participate in any matter or litigation through counsel of its own selection at its own expense.

13. Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, COMPANY ACCEPTS THE CODE AND SERVICES “AS IS” AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT APPSFLYER MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

14. Limitation of Liability.

14.1. IN NO EVENT SHALL APPSFLYER, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AFFILIATES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SERVICES OR THE ARRANGEMENTS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN.

14.2. EXCEPT FOR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY, DATA OR PRIVACY OBLIGATIONS AND APPSFLYER’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT (THE “CARVE-OUT CLAIMS”), APPSFLYER’S ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES OR UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF PAYMENT RECEIVED BY APPSFLYER FROM COMPANY IN THE 12 MONTHS PRECEDING THE APPLICABLE CLAIM, IN THE AGGREGATE. WITH RESPECT TO THE CARVE-OUT CLAIMS, APPSFLYER’S ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES OR UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED TWO (2) TIMES THE AMOUNT OF PAYMENT RECEIVED BY APPSFLYER FROM COMPANY IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE APPLICABLE CLAIM, IN THE AGGREGATE.

15. Term and Termination.

15.1. The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the day you accept this Agreement or, if earlier, the date that you integrate the Code into an Application and shall continue in effect for a period of twelve (12) months (the “Initial Term”); provided that if Company selects the “Basic Pay-Per-Use” package, as shown on AppsFlyer’s website, this Agreement shall be in effect on a month-to-month basis. Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for subsequent terms of twelve (12) months each (each a “Renewal Term” and together with the Initial Term, the “Term”), unless one of the parties notifies the other party of its intention not to renew the Agreement at least 45 days prior to the commencement of any Renewal Term.

15.2. Either party may terminate this Agreement with written notice if it has reason to believe that the other Party is in material breach of this Agreement, and such breach is not cured within 30 days from the receipt of written notice of such breach. In addition, either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon 30 days’ written notice to the other party pursuant to section 5.3 of the DPA.

15.3. This agreement is based on a reasonable and fair use of the Services. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any use that is not aligned with such fair use may be overcharged or terminated immediately by AppsFlyer.

15.4. Upon any termination or expiration of this Agreement, AppsFlyer will cease providing the Services. In the event of any termination (a) Company will not be entitled to any refunds of any nonrefundable fees, (b) any outstanding balance for Services rendered through the date of termination will be immediately due and payable in full, and (c) Company’s historical data will be available for download through AppsFlyer’s standard user interface for a period of 30 days. Any obligations of the Parties that by their nature are intended to survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, including the obligations of the Parties in Sections 3 – 9 and 12 – 15 of this Agreement, shall survive any termination thereof.

16. Publicity. During the Term, AppsFlyer may refer to Company as a customer of AppsFlyer, including by displaying Company’s name and logo on AppsFlyer’s website and other marketing materials.

17. Miscellaneous.

17.1. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all other agreements between the parties, whether written or oral, regarding the subject matter hereof. For clarity, the provisions of this Agreement supersede any earlier non-disclosure or confidentiality agreements between the parties. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement may not be modified or amended except in a writing executed by both parties.

17.2. All waivers must be in writing. A waiver of any default hereunder or of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be deemed to be a continuing waiver or a waiver of any other default or of any other term or condition, but shall apply solely to the instance to which such waiver is directed. AppsFlyer may provide Company with notices required hereunder by contacting Company at any email address Company provided, including in its registration information.

17.3. Neither Party may assign any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, such consent not to be required in the event of an assignment by one of the Parties to a purchaser of all or substantially all of the assignor’s assets or share capital. The assignor shall provide the other Party with written notice of the assignment. Assignment in violation of the foregoing shall be void.

17.4. If any part of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable, such part shall be interpreted to give the maximum force possible to such terms as possible under applicable law, and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other part or provision of this Agreement which shall remain in full force and effect.
17.5. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, and the competent courts in the city of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear any disputes arising hereunder.

Appendix A: Fees and Services

[PACKAGE OF SERVICES TO BE CHOSEN BY COMPANY]

Appendix B: Service Levels

AppsFlyer service commitments do not include downtime to extent resulting from: previously scheduled maintenance and events beyond AppsFlyer’s reasonable control, such as any down time (a) caused by outages to any public Internet backbones, networks or servers, (b) caused by any failures of Company’s Application, equipment, systems or local access services, or (c) strikes, riots, insurrection, fires, floods, explosions, war, governmental action, labor conditions, earthquakes or natural disasters.


## AppsFlyerFramework

Copyright 2018 AppsFlyer Ltd. All rights reserved.

## FBAudienceNetwork

Copyright 2004-present Facebook. All Rights Reserved.

You are hereby granted a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use,
copy, modify, and distribute this software in source code or binary form for use
in connection with the web services and APIs provided by Facebook.

As with any software that integrates with the Facebook platform, your use of
this software is subject to the Facebook Developer Principles and Policies
[http://developers.facebook.com/policy/]. This copyright notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


## FBSDKCoreKit_Basics

Copyright (c) 2014-present, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.

You are hereby granted a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use,
copy, modify, and distribute this software in source code or binary form for use
in connection with the web services and APIs provided by Facebook.

As with any software that integrates with the Facebook platform, your use of
this software is subject to the Facebook Developer Principles and Policies
[http://developers.facebook.com/policy/]. This copyright notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


## Google-Mobile-Ads-SDK

Copyright 2021 Google

## GoogleAppMeasurement

Copyright 2021 Google

## GoogleUserMessagingPlatform

Copyright 2021 Google

## GoogleUtilities


                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

================================================================================

The following copyright from Landon J. Fuller applies to the isAppEncrypted
function in Environment/third_party/GULAppEnvironmentUtil.m.

Copyright (c) 2017 Landon J. Fuller <landon@landonf.org>
All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Comment from
<a href="http://iphonedevwiki.net/index.php/Crack_prevention">iPhone Dev Wiki
Crack Prevention</a>: App Store binaries are signed by both their developer
and Apple. This encrypts the binary so that decryption keys are needed in order
to make the binary readable. When iOS executes the binary, the decryption keys
are used to decrypt the binary into a readable state where it is then loaded
into memory and executed. iOS can tell the encryption status of a binary via the
cryptid structure member of LC_ENCRYPTION_INFO MachO load command. If cryptid is
a non-zero value then the binary is encrypted.

'Cracking' works by letting the kernel decrypt the binary then siphoning the
decrypted data into a new binary file, resigning, and repackaging. This will
only work on jailbroken devices as codesignature validation has been removed.
Resigning takes place because while the codesignature doesn't have to be valid
thanks to the jailbreak, it does have to be in place unless you have AppSync or
similar to disable codesignature checks.

More information at <a href="http://landonf.org/2009/02/index.html">Landon
Fuller's blog</a>


## IronSourceSDK

https://platform.ironsrc.com/partners/terms-and-conditions-new-user

## PromisesObjC


                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


## Protobuf

Copyright 2008 Google Inc.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.
    * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Code generated by the Protocol Buffer compiler is owned by the owner
of the input file used when generating it.  This code is not
standalone and requires a support library to be linked with it.  This
support library is itself covered by the above license.


## UnityAds

Unity Advertisements copyright © 2021 Unity Technologies.
This software is subject to, and made available under, the terms of service for Operate Solutions (see https://unity3d.com/legal/one-operate-services-terms-of-service), and is an "Operate Service" as defined therein.

Your use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of such terms. Unless expressly provided otherwise, the software under this license is made available strictly on an "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the terms of service for details on these and other terms and conditions.

## UnityMediationAdColonyAdapter


Unity Monetization copyright © 2020 Unity Technologies SF
Your use of the Unity Technologies SF ("Unity') services known as "Unity Monetization" are subject to the Unity Monetization Services Terms of Service linked to and copied immediately below.
[Unity Monetization Services TOS](https://unity3d.com/legal/monetization-services-terms-of-service)
Your use of Unity Monetization constitutes your acceptance of such terms. Unless expressly provided otherwise, the software under this license is made available strictly on an "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.



## UnityMediationAdmobAdapter


Unity Monetization copyright © 2020 Unity Technologies SF
Your use of the Unity Technologies SF ("Unity') services known as "Unity Monetization" are subject to the Unity Monetization Services Terms of Service linked to and copied immediately below.
[Unity Monetization Services TOS](https://unity3d.com/legal/monetization-services-terms-of-service)
Your use of Unity Monetization constitutes your acceptance of such terms. Unless expressly provided otherwise, the software under this license is made available strictly on an "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.



## UnityMediationAppLovinAdapter


Unity Monetization copyright © 2020 Unity Technologies SF
Your use of the Unity Technologies SF ("Unity') services known as "Unity Monetization" are subject to the Unity Monetization Services Terms of Service linked to and copied immediately below.
[Unity Monetization Services TOS](https://unity3d.com/legal/monetization-services-terms-of-service)
Your use of Unity Monetization constitutes your acceptance of such terms. Unless expressly provided otherwise, the software under this license is made available strictly on an "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.



## UnityMediationFacebookAdapter


Unity Monetization copyright © 2020 Unity Technologies SF
Your use of the Unity Technologies SF ("Unity') services known as "Unity Monetization" are subject to the Unity Monetization Services Terms of Service linked to and copied immediately below.
[Unity Monetization Services TOS](https://unity3d.com/legal/monetization-services-terms-of-service)
Your use of Unity Monetization constitutes your acceptance of such terms. Unless expressly provided otherwise, the software under this license is made available strictly on an "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.



## UnityMediationIronSourceAdapter


Unity Monetization copyright © 2020 Unity Technologies SF
Your use of the Unity Technologies SF ("Unity') services known as "Unity Monetization" are subject to the Unity Monetization Services Terms of Service linked to and copied immediately below.
[Unity Monetization Services TOS](https://unity3d.com/legal/monetization-services-terms-of-service)
Your use of Unity Monetization constitutes your acceptance of such terms. Unless expressly provided otherwise, the software under this license is made available strictly on an "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.



## UnityMediationSdk


Unity Monetization copyright © 2020 Unity Technologies SF
Your use of the Unity Technologies SF ("Unity') services known as "Unity Monetization" are subject to the Unity Monetization Services Terms of Service linked to and copied immediately below.
[Unity Monetization Services TOS](https://unity3d.com/legal/monetization-services-terms-of-service)
Your use of Unity Monetization constitutes your acceptance of such terms. Unless expressly provided otherwise, the software under this license is made available strictly on an "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.



## UnityMediationUnityAdapter


Unity Monetization copyright © 2020 Unity Technologies SF
Your use of the Unity Technologies SF ("Unity") services known as "Unity Monetization" are subject to the Unity Monetization Services Terms of Service linked to and copied immediately below.
[Unity Monetization Services TOS](https://unity3d.com/legal/monetization-services-terms-of-service)
Your use of Unity Monetization constitutes your acceptance of such terms. Unless expressly provided otherwise, the software under this license is made available strictly on an "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.
    


## UnityMediationVungleAdapter


Unity Monetization copyright © 2020 Unity Technologies SF
Your use of the Unity Technologies SF ("Unity') services known as "Unity Monetization" are subject to the Unity Monetization Services Terms of Service linked to and copied immediately below.
[Unity Monetization Services TOS](https://unity3d.com/legal/monetization-services-terms-of-service)
Your use of Unity Monetization constitutes your acceptance of such terms. Unless expressly provided otherwise, the software under this license is made available strictly on an "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.



## VungleSDK-iOS

# **Vungle SDK License and Publisher Terms**

This Vungle SDK License and Publisher Terms (“Agreement”) is made available by Vungle, Inc. (“Vungle”). By downloading or using the Vungle SDK, you and any company, entity, or organization on behalf of which you are accepting this Agreement (“Developer”) hereby agrees to be bound by all terms and conditions of this Agreement, and you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of Developer with the authority to bind Developer to this Agreement.  If you do not agree to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, do not download or use the Vungle SDK.

### 1.	Definitions.
A.	“Advertisers” means third-party advertisers.

B.	“App Data” means data from the device of an end-user, including, for example, orientation data, volume settings, OS language, device make/model, operating system, mobile carrier, and device identifiers.

C.	“Developer Apps” means the mobile applications owned and/or controlled by Developer, including all content, images, music and text contained therein, that Developer wishes to use with the Vungle SDK and Vungle Platform.

D.	“Documentation” means all technical documentation provided by Vungle to Developer to support use of the Vungle SDK, including without limitation, user manuals, functional descriptions, help guides, and other materials, as may be updated by Vungle from time to time.

E.	“Performance Data” means data regarding advertisement performance, including, for example, impressions, interactions, installs, header information, and end user segments or interests.

F.	“Vungle Ads” means video advertisements, sourced by or on behalf of Vungle, which are routed and/or served by the Vungle Platform to the Developer Apps.

G.	“Vungle Platform” means Vungle’s hosted video advertising system, which supports video advertisement insertion within mobile applications, and related advertisement reporting tools.

H.	“Vungle SDK” means the software development kit, including and solely as enabled by the Documentation, available for download on Vungle’s website as of the Effective Date, and any other software that may be provided by Vungle to Developer with the software development kit, including any updates thereto.

### 2.	Vungle SDK License. 
A.	License Grant.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Vungle grants Developer a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, worldwide license to: (a) integrate the Vungle SDK with Developer Apps solely for internal use; (b) use, reproduce and distribute certain portions of the Vungle SDK as required for Developer’s distribution of Developer Apps; provided that, any distribution to an end user will be subject to terms that protect the Vungle SDK in a manner at least as protective as set forth herein; and (c) use the Vungle SDK and Vungle Platform to have Vungle Ads inserted within Developer Apps pursuant to this Agreement.

B.	SDK Updates.  Vungle periodically releases new versions of, or updates to, the Vungle SDK which may contain new features and fixes (each a, “SDK Update”).  Each SDK Update will be presented to Developer within the Vungle Platform dashboard, and Developer is encouraged to download and integrate each SDK Update within the Developer Apps. Each SDK Update shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Vungle may sunset versions of the Vungle SDK that are older than 24 months. 
C.	License Restrictions. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, Developer shall not (and shall not allow any third party to): (a) decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, adapt, create derivative works of, copy or distribute the Vungle SDK or Vungle Platform, (b) modify, remove, or obscure any copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary notices or legends from the Vungle SDK or Vungle Platform; (c) copy, distribute, rent, lease, lend, sublicense, transfer or make the Vungle SDK or Vungle Platform available to any third party,  (d) use the Vungle SDK or Vungle Platform to develop, upload, or transmit any software viruses or other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any software or hardware, or (e) use the Vungle SDK, Vungle Platform, or any data collected, received, or provided access via the Vungle SDK or Vungle Platform, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, including to re-identify an individual end user. 

### 3.	Intellectual Property.  
All ownership rights, title, and interest in and to the Vungle SDK and Vungle Platform, including all intellectual property rights therein, as such may be modified, upgraded, or enhanced from time to time (“Vungle Property”) will remain and belong exclusively to Vungle.  Vungle reserves all rights not expressly granted to Developer herein.  Developer shall retain all ownership rights, title and interest in and to the Developer Apps, including all intellectual property rights therein, as such may be modified, upgraded or enhanced from time to time.  If Developer elects to provide any suggestions, comments, improvements, ideas or other feedback or materials to Vungle (collectively, “Feedback”), Developer hereby grants Vungle the right to freely use, copy, disclose, license, distribute and exploit any such Feedback in any manner without any obligation, royalty or restriction based on intellectual property rights or otherwise.

### 4.	Advertising via The Vungle Platform. 
A.	Vungle Insertion & Sale of Ads.  Developer hereby grants Vungle the right to sell, and have sold, advertisement inventory in the Developer Apps, and to insert Vungle Ads within such inventory.  Developer agrees that in connection with Vungle Ads, Vungle may access or call to the Developer Apps, or the servers that make them available, and cause the routing, transmission, reproduction, and display of Vungle Ads as contemplated herein.  Unless expressly agreed in writing, Vungle makes no guarantee that any level or amount of Vungle Ads will be placed in the Developer Apps.  In addition, Developer hereby grants Vungle the non-exclusive, worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, distribute and display Developer’s and the Developer Apps’ trademarks, names, logos, and images of the Developer Apps, in connection with the sale of Vungle Ads hereunder, including (a) listing the Developer Apps and inventory in pitch materials to prospective Advertisers; (b) reporting the inclusion of Developer Apps and inventory as part of Vungle’s advertising network, and (c) identifying the Developer as a publishing partner on Vungle’s website and other marketing materials.

B.	Developer Apps Content Policy.  The Developer Apps will not contain, consist of, or promote discrimination, illegal activities, hate speech, defamation, graphic violence, firearms, tobacco, illegal drugs, pornography, sex-trafficking, profanity, obscenity or sexually explicit material (“Developer Apps Content Policy”).  Additionally, Developer will notify Vungle immediately of any Developer Apps relating to alcohol or real-money gambling.  Developer agrees that Vungle has no responsibility for the Developer Apps, including any content therein, and Vungle has no obligation or ability to monitor or edit the Developer Apps.  Developer will provide as much advance written notice as reasonably practicable, but in no event less than fifteen (15) days’ notice, regarding any material changes to the nature or design of any Developer App, including without limitation, changes to the placement of inventory, any action that will increase or reduce expected inventory within the Developer Apps, the type of content contained within the Developer Apps, or the target audience of the Developer Apps. 

C.	Ad Restrictions; Invalid Impressions.  Developer may not, and may not authorize or encourage any third party to: (i) engage in or create Invalid Impressions; (ii) edit, modify, filter, or change the order of the information contained in any Vungle Ad, or remove, obscure or minimize any Vungle Ad in any way; and/or (iii) redirect an end user away from any web page or app accessed by an end user after selecting or clicking on any part of a Vungle Ad (“Advertiser Page”), provide a version of the Advertiser Page different from the page an end user would access by going directly to the Advertiser Page, or intersperse any content between the Vungle Ads and the Advertiser Page.  As used herein, “Invalid Impressions” means any impressions, downloads, installs, views, taps, clicks or other user engagement relating to any Vungle Ad campaign that may artificially inflate an Advertiser's costs or Developer's earnings. By way of example, and without limitation, Invalid Impressions are caused by: (1) repeated manual clicks, (2) using “robots”, “spiders” or other tools for making automated computer generated requests, (3) using offers of cash, prizes, incentives, gift cards, vouchers or anything of value, including cryptocurrency, (4) using a design that encourages or is likely to lead to unintended impressions, downloads, installs, views, taps, clicks or other user actions, (5) manipulating or misrepresenting device IDs, Ad IDs, geolocation or other user or device information; (6) hijacking of an end user’s device; (7) automatic advertisement refreshes; or (8) any other deceptive or fraudulent methods.  Developer shall promptly notify Vungle if it suspects that any third party may be tampering with, abusing or manipulating the Vungle Platform or the Vungle Ads within the Developer App, or otherwise violating the restrictions of this Section 4.C.  Vungle may suspend Developer’s use of the Vungle Platform and/or terminate this Agreement immediately should Developer violate the foregoing provisions of this Section, or if Vungle observes unusually high levels of impressions, downloads, installs, views, taps or clicks on Developer’s account. Developer shall not be entitled to any revenue associated with Invalid Impressions or campaigns associated with violations of this Section 4.C.

D.	Developer Ad Campaigns.  In the event that Developer desires to become an Advertiser, and advertise its app within the Vungle network of publishers, the parties will enter into a separate mutually agreed upon insertion order.

### 5.	Data & Privacy.
A.	Collection of Data.  Developer acknowledges and agrees that Vungle may: (i) use the Vungle Property to collect and use App Data and Performance Data in connection with the performance of this Agreement, including to display Vungle Ads to end users and to measure and report the performance of Vungle Ads; (ii) disclose App Data and Performance Data (a) to third parties (including Advertisers and attribution partners) as reasonably necessary in connection with the operation of the Vungle Platform and performance of this Agreement, (b) if required by any court order, process, law or governmental agency; or (c) generally, when such data is aggregated, so that the specific information relating to Developer is not identified as such; and (iii) use App Data and Performance Data for Vungle’s internal business purposes, including to develop and improve the Vungle SDK and Vungle Platform, perform internal analytics regarding Vungle SDK performance, and to monitor for errors.  Vungle will collect and use the App Data and Performance Data in accordance with Vungle’s Privacy Notice, which is available at http://vungle.com/privacy/ (as updated from time to time).  This Section 5.A. shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

B.	Compliance with Privacy Laws.  In performance of this Agreement, Developer agrees to comply with all applicable laws, governmental regulations, court or government agency orders, and decrees relating in any manner to the collection, use, or dissemination of data from or about users, user traffic, or otherwise relating to privacy rights, including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).  In addition, Developer agrees to conspicuously post a privacy notice that accurately describes the Developer’s and third parties’ collection, use, and disclosure of end user data from the Developer Apps, which include disclosure (i) that third parties may collect or receive information and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads, and (ii) how and where users can opt-out of collection and use of information for ad targeting.  Developer will not pass any personally-identifiable information to Vungle unless expressly permitted in writing, and except as permitted under and in compliance with applicable law. Vungle reserves the right to modify, suspend, or terminate this Agreement should Developer violate this Section, and/or to remain compliant with law.  

C.	Vungle Data Privacy Addendum. As applicable, and to the extent performance of this Agreement entails the collection and/or processing of any data or information from end users in the European Economic Area, the parties agree that the additional terms and conditions set forth in the Vungle Data Privacy Addendum (“DPA”) attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit A apply to this Agreement.  To the extent this Agreement conflicts with the DPA, the DPA shall govern and control.

### 6.	Developer Fees; Payment. 
A.	Standard Developer Fee.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Vungle shall pay to Developer a percentage of the Net Revenue (the “Developer Fee”), as determined by Vungle.  “Net Revenue” means the gross revenue actually collected by Vungle from Advertisers for Vungle Ads served and displayed within the Developer Apps, less (i) any refunds to Advertisers; (ii) a deduction of up to 10% to cover expenses related to Advertiser discounts, payment transaction fees, telecommunications, data center and other serving costs, (iii) any amounts payable by Vungle to providers of targeting, reporting, verification or other data, technology or services used in connection with a given campaign hereunder, and (iv) Invalid Impressions. The Developer Fee shall be based on the impression or app installation counts used by the applicable Advertiser(s).  For the avoidance of doubt, all Developer Fees are based on advertisement requests from the Developer Apps that are actually fulfilled with Vungle Ads.  All revenue received from activities that Vungle deems to be due to fraud, Invalid Impressions, or technical error may be refunded to the Advertiser(s) in Vungle’s sole discretion.

B.	Developer Fee Addendums. During the Term of this Agreement, the parties may enter into one or more separate written publisher addendums (each a, “Fee Addendum”) setting forth modifications to the Developer Fee, bonus fees, or other incentives for a limited time period and/or specific advertising campaign. Each Fee Addendum shall, upon full execution by the parties, become a part of this Agreement and subject to all of its terms and conditions.

C.	Payment Terms; Taxes. Vungle will pay any Developer Fee due to Developer sixty (60) days’ after the completion of the month in which such Vungle Ads are served and displayed; provided that, Vungle may withhold payment until the following month for Developer Fee amounts less than $50 U.S.  Developer shall be responsible for any bank, transfer or transaction fees (e.g., PayPal).  Vungle may deduct any withholding, sales, value added, and other applicable taxes (other than its net income taxes) as required by law. Specifically, Vungle will deduct withholding tax, unless Developer provides a certification to Vungle, upon execution of this Agreement, certifying that Developer and the Developer Apps perform wholly outside of the U.S.  Developer is responsible for paying, and will indemnify and hold Vungle forever harmless for, any taxes, duties, or fees, including interest and penalties, for which Developer is legally responsible, or that result from an inaccurate certification where Developer or the Developer Apps do in fact perform within the U.S.    

### 7.	Term and Termination.
A.	Term. This Agreement is effective until terminated in accordance with this Agreement.

B.	Termination/Suspension by Vungle.  Vungle may terminate this Agreement at any time by providing sixty (60) days’ notice to Developer.  Additionally, Vungle may terminate this Agreement immediately if Developer breaches any provision of this Agreement.  Vungle may immediately suspend Developer’s access to the Vungle Platform if Vungle reasonably believes Developer has breached this Agreement.

C.	Termination by Developer.  Developer may terminate this Agreement at any time by providing written notice to Vungle (email to suffice), ceasing all use of the Vungle Platform and Vungle Property, and destroying or removing from all hard drives, networks, and other storage media all copies of the Vungle Property.

D.	Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement by Developer, the Agreement (including all rights and licenses granted and obligations assumed hereunder) will remain in force and effect until the completion of all Vungle Ad campaigns associated with the Developer Apps in effect on the date of such termination (“Sell-Off Period”).  Vungle’s payment obligations will remain in effect during the Sell-Off Period.  Upon any termination of this Agreement, each party will promptly return or destroy all copies of any Confidential Information in its possession or control. Sections 3, 5(A), 6(C), 7(D) through 13 shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

### 8.	Confidentiality.
A.	Definition. “Confidential Information” means any and all business, technical and financial information or material of a party, whether revealed orally, visually, or in tangible or electronic form, that is not generally known to the public, which is disclosed to or made available by one party (the “Disclosing Party”) to the other, or which one party becomes aware of pursuant to this Agreement (the “Receiving Party”).  The Vungle SDK is Vungle’s Confidential Information, and the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall remain confidential.  The failure of a Disclosing Party to designate as “confidential” any such information or material at the time of disclosure shall not result in a loss of status as Confidential Information to the Disclosing Party.  Confidential Information shall not include information which: (i) is in or has entered the public domain through no breach of this Agreement or other act by a Receiving Party; (ii) a Receiving Party rightfully knew prior to the time that it was disclosed to a Receiving Party hereunder; (iii) a Receiving Party received without restriction from a third-party lawfully possessing and lawfully entitled to disclose such information without breach of this Agreement; or (iv) was independently developed by employees of the Receiving Party who had no access to such information.

B.	Use and Disclosure Restrictions. The Receiving Party shall not use the Confidential Information except as necessary to exercise its rights or perform its obligations under this Agreement, and shall not disclose the Confidential Information to any third party, except to those of its employees, subcontractors, and advisors that need to know such Confidential Information for the purposes of this Agreement, provided that each such employee, subcontractor, and advisor is subject to a written agreement that includes binding use and disclosure restrictions that are at least as protective of the Confidential Information as those set forth herein.  The Receiving Party will use at least the efforts such party ordinarily uses with respect to its own confidential information of similar nature and importance to maintain the confidentiality of all Confidential Information in its possession or control, but in no event less than reasonable efforts.  The foregoing obligations will not restrict the Receiving Party from disclosing any Confidential Information required by applicable law; provided that, the Receiving Party must use reasonable efforts to give the Disclosing Party advance notice thereof (i.e., so as to afford Disclosing Party an opportunity to intervene and seek an order or other relief for protecting its Confidential Information from any unauthorized use or disclosure) and the Confidential Information is only disclosed to the extent required by law.  The Receiving Party shall return all of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information to the Disclosing Party or destroy the same, no later than fifteen (15) days after Disclosing Party’s request, or when Receiving Party no longer needs Confidential Information for its authorized purposes hereunder.

### 9.	Representations and Warranties of Developer.  
Developer represents, warrants and covenants to Vungle that: (a) it shall comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations with respect to the operation of its business and its use of the Vungle SDK and Vungle Platform; (b) it has all necessary rights, title, and interest in and to the Developer Apps, and it has obtained all necessary rights, releases, and permissions to grant the rights granted to Vungle in this Agreement, including to allow Vungle to sell and insert the Vungle Ads as contemplated herein; (c) the Developer Apps will comply with the Developer Apps Content Policy, and will not infringe upon, violate, or misappropriate any third party right, including any intellectual property, privacy, or publicity rights; (d) any App Data Developer may provide to Vungle, and the ability for Vungle to collect App Data and Performance Data, is permitted under Developer’s privacy notice and provided in compliance with all applicable laws; and (e) it has made any and all disclosures and obtained any and all consents or permissions required by applicable laws with respect to Developer’s privacy practices, including without limitation: (i) any end user data Developer collects, uses, and/or discloses, (ii) the use and disclosure of App Data and Performance Data to Vungle via the Vungle SDK and Vungle Platform, and (iii) notice and parental consent required by applicable privacy laws, including COPPA.

### 10.	Warranty Disclaimer. 
THE VUNGLE SDK AND VUNGLE PLATFORM ARE PROVIDED “AS IS.”  VUNGLE DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR PERFORMANCE.  VUNGLE AND ITS SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, AND PARTNERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE VUNGLE PLATFORM OR VUNGLE SDK WILL BE CORRECT, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE VUNGLE PLATFORM OR VUNGLE SDK ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. VUNGLE DOES NOT WARRANT THE RESULTS OF USE OF THE VUNGLE PLATFORM OR VUNGLE SDK.  DEVELOPER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT VUNGLE MAY MODIFY OR SUSPEND THE VUNGLE PLATFORM AT ANY TIME IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT NOTICE. 

### 11.	Indemnification. 
A.	Developer Indemnification.  Developer agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Vungle and its affiliates, and their directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of any claim, demand, action, or proceeding initiated by a third party arising from or in connection with any breach of Developer’s obligations, representations or warranties set forth in this Agreement; provided that, Vungle: (a) promptly notifies Developer in writing of the claim, except that any failure to provide this notice promptly only relieves Developer of its responsibility to the extent its defense is materially prejudiced by the delay; (b) grants Developer sole control of the defense and/or settlement of the claim, but Developer shall not settle any claim without the prior written consent of Vungle; and (c) reasonably cooperates with Developer in connection with such claim at Developer’s cost and expense.

B.	Vungle Indemnification.  Vungle agrees to indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless, Developer, its officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against any and all third party claims, liabilities, demands, causes of action, damages, losses and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of suit, arising out of or in connection with Vungle’s infringement or misappropriation of a third party U.S. copyright, trademark or trade secret by the use of the Vungle Platform and/or the Vungle SDK by Developer as permitted hereunder; provided that, Developer: (a) promptly notifies Vungle in writing of the claim, except that any failure to provide this notice promptly only relieves Vungle of its responsibility to the extent its defense is materially prejudiced by the delay; (b) grants Vungle sole control of the defense and/or settlement of the claim; and (c) reasonably cooperates with Vungle in connection with such claim at Vungle’s cost and expense.  In addition, if the use of the Vungle Property by Developer has become, or in Vungle’s opinion is likely to become, the subject of any claim of infringement, Vungle may at its option and expense (i) procure for Developer the right to continue using the Vungle Property as set forth hereunder; (ii) replace or modify the Vungle Property to make it non-infringing so long as the Vungle Property has substantially equivalent functionality; or (iii) if options (i) or (ii) are not reasonably practicable, terminate this Agreement.  Vungle shall have no liability or obligation under this Section with respect to any claim if such claim is caused in whole or in part by (w) compliance with designs, data, instructions, or specifications provided by Developer; (x) modification of the Vungle Property by any party other than Vungle without Vungle’s express consent; (y) failure to integrate any SDK Update and utilize the most up to date version of the Vungle SDK,  or (z) the combination, operation, or use of the Vungle Property with other applications, portions of applications, product(s), data or services where the Vungle Property would not by itself be infringing. The indemnification rights contained in this Section 11 are Developer’s sole remedy for third party infringement claims relating to THE Vungle SDK and the Vungle Platform.

### 12.	Limitation of Liability. 
EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS HEREIN AND BREACHES OF SECTION 2 (VUNGLE SDK LICENSE), NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO OTHER PARTY FOR ANY PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, RELIANCE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST BUSINESS, DATA, REVENUE, OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT A PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES.  EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS HEREIN AND BREACHES OF SECTION 2 (VUNGLE SDK LICENSE), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE TOTAL DEVELOPER FEE PAYABLE TO DEVELOPER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT BY VUNGLE IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE CLAIM . 

### 13.	General. 
A.	Relationship of the Parties. Each Party shall be and act as an independent contractor and not as partner, joint venturer, or agent of the other.  No party shall have any right to obligate or bind any other party.

B.	Assignment. Neither party may assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party, except in connection with any merger (by operation of law or otherwise), consolidation, reorganization, change in control or sale of all or substantially all of its assets related to this Agreement or similar transaction.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Developer may not assign this Agreement to a direct competitor of Vungle without Vungle’s prior written consent.  This Agreement inures to the benefit of and shall be binding on the parties’ permitted assignees, transferees and successors.

C.	Force Majeure. Neither party will be responsible for any failure or delay in its performance under this Agreement due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, labor disputes, strikes, lockouts, internet or telecommunications failures, shortages of or inability to obtain labor, energy, or supplies, war, terrorism, riot, acts of God or governmental action, acts by hackers or other malicious third parties and problems with the Internet generally, and such performance shall be excused to the extent that it is prevented or delayed by reason of any of the foregoing.

D.	Notices. Vungle may provide Developer with business or operational notices via email or posting of such notice within the Vungle Platform.  All legal notices under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and sent to Developer as provided to Vungle in the account information during the download of the SDK, and to Vungle in accordance with this Section.  All notices in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed given (a) when personally delivered; (b) three (3) days after being sent by the United States of America mail, postage prepaid, certified or registered, return receipt requested; or (c) one (1) day after being sent by a reputable overnight delivery service. Notices to Vungle must be sent to: Vungle, Inc., 185 Clara St. #100, San Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: Legal Department.

E.	Amendments; Waiver.  No changes or modifications or waivers are to be made to this Agreement unless evidenced in writing and signed for and on behalf of both parties. The failure by either party to insist upon the strict performance of this Agreement, or to exercise any term hereof, will not act as a waiver of any right, promise or term, which will continue in full force and effect.

F.	Construction. This Agreement shall be fairly interpreted and construed in accordance with its terms and without strict interpretation or construction in favor of or against either party.

G.	Severability.  If any provision, or portion thereof, of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such determination will not impair or affect the validity, legality, or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, and each provision, or portion thereof, is hereby declared to be separate, severable, and distinct.

H.	Governing Law; Jurisdiction.  This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without reference to conflicts of laws principles. The parties agree that the federal and state courts in San Francisco County, California will have exclusive jurisdiction and venue under this Agreement, and the parties hereby agree to submit to such jurisdiction exclusively.

I.	Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference, contains the entire understanding of the parties regarding its subject matter and supersedes all other agreements and understandings, whether oral or written.

J.	Counterparts.  This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, including by facsimile or electronic copy, each of which will be deemed an original, and all such counterparts together constituting one and the same Agreement.

ACCEPTED AND AGREED to as of the date upon Developer’s download or use of the Vungle SDK by the authorized representative of each party.

# **Exhibit A to Vungle SDK License and Publisher Terms<br/>Vungle Data Privacy Addendum (Publishers)**

This Data Privacy Addendum ("Addendum") forms part of Vungle SDK License and Publisher Terms ("Agreement") in place between Vungle, Inc. and the company identified as the "Developer" in the Agreement.  Capitalized terms used in this Addendum shall have the meaning given to them in the main body of the Agreement unless otherwise defined in this Addendum.

IT IS AGREED:

### 1.	Definitions.
"Ad Data" has the meaning given to it in Section 2 of this Addendum;

"Controller" means the entity that determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data;

"Demand Partners" means Vungle's media buying clients, including but not limited to Advertisers and attribution partners, demand side platforms, ad exchanges, agencies, agency trading desks and ad networks who submit "bids" for Vungle Ad inventory;

"EU Data Protection Law" means (i) prior to 25 May 2018, the EU Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC) and on and after 25 May 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation 2016/679); (ii) the EU e-Privacy Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC); and (iii) any national data protection laws made under or pursuant to (i) or (ii) (in each case, as superseded, amended or replaced);

"Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (which shall include for the avoidance of doubt, any personally identifiable information) or as otherwise defined in applicable Privacy Requirements;

"Privacy Requirements" means all applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, industry self-regulatory rules, codes and guidelines that apply to the processing of data (including Ad Data and Personal Data) that is the subject of this Addendum, in each case as amended, superseded, or replaced, including but not limited to EU Data Protection Law; 

"Privacy Shield" means the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework self-certification program operated by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission pursuant to Decision C(2016)4176 of 12 July 2016 and by the Swiss Federal Council on January 11, 2017 respectively;

”Privacy Shield Principles” means the Privacy Shield Framework Principles (as supplemented by the Supplemental Principles) contained in Annex II to the European Commission Decision C(2016)4176 of July 12, 2016 (as may be amended, superseded or replaced);

"Tracking Technologies" means mobile SDKs, unique identifiers, pixels, and similar tracking technologies;

"Vungle Privacy Notice" means the Vungle privacy notice available on Vungle's public facing website (http://vungle.com/privacy), as updated from time to time;

"data subject", "processing" (and "process") shall have the meanings given to them in EU Data Protection Law. 

### 2.	Scope of Processing.
2.1.	Developer acknowledges and agrees that in connection with the Vungle Platform and Vungle SDK: (i) Vungle may collect or otherwise 
receive data (including Personal Data) relating to end users of the Developer Apps (such as App Data), including unique device identifiers, log information, as well as usage data (such as Performance Data), including information about ads viewed or clicked, post-install data, geo-location of an end user’s device (as may be enabled by the Developer App) and streaming data, all as more particularly described in the Vungle Privacy Notice (collectively "Ad Data"); and (ii) Vungle and its Demand Partners use Tracking Technologies in order to collect certain Ad Data.

2.2.	Vungle shall process and Developer hereby grants Vungle a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, sublicenseable right and license to use, copy, modify, distribute and otherwise exploit Ad Data for the following purposes: (a) accessing or calling the Developer Apps, or the servers that make them available, to cause the routing, serving, displaying, targeting, and tracking the performance of Vungle Ads on the Developer Apps; (b) building and storing profiles of end users; (c) using Ad Data for Vungle’s internal business purposes, including to develop and improve the Vungle SDK and Vungle Platform; (e) for any other purposes identified in the Vungle Privacy Notice; and/or (d) disclosing Ad Data (i) to third parties (including Demand Partners) as reasonably necessary in connection with the operation of the Vungle Platform, (ii) if required by any court order, process, law or governmental agency; and/or (iii) generally when it is aggregated, such that the specific information relating to Developer or any underlying end user is not directly identifiable  ("Permitted Purposes").

### 3.	Relationship of the Parties.
To the extent the Ad Data contains Personal Data, Vungle shall process such data as a separate and independent Controller (where applicable Privacy Requirements recognize such concept) and only for the Permitted Purposes. In no event will the parties process Personal Data under this Agreement as joint Controllers. Nothing in the Agreement (including this Addendum) shall limit or prevent Vungle from collecting or using data that Vungle would otherwise collect and process independently of Developer's use of the Vungle Platform and Vungle SDK.

### 4.	Developer's Responsibilities.
4.1.	Privacy Notice.
(a)	Developer represents and warrants that it shall conspicuously post, maintain, and abide by a publically accessible privacy notice within the Developer App that satisfies the transparency and information requirements of the Privacy Requirements and the Agreement (including this Addendum). If notice cannot be provided in or around Vungle Ads, then Developer should make arrangements to provide notice within the Developer App or on the landing page of the Vungle Ad.

(b)	Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, such notice shall, at a minimum, include clear and comprehensive information about the following: (i) Vungle and its Demand Partner's use of Tracking Technology to collect use and share Ad Data; (ii) the fact that third parties may collect or receive Personal Data and use that Personal Data to provide measurement services and targeted ads; (iii) a conspicuous  link to or description of how and where users can opt-out of collection and use of information for ad targeting; and (vi) a description of the types of 
Ad Data (including Personal Data) that are collected and how and for what purposes the Ad Data collected will be used or transferred to third parties.

(c)	To the extent Ad Data is protected by EU Data Protection Law, Developer further warrants and represents that the privacy notice provided pursuant to Section 4.1(a) (above) shall also include the following information: (i) the type of Personal Data collected by Vungle and its Demand Partners and the purposes of processing thereof;(ii) the categories of individuals who will have access to the Personal Data; (iii) where applicable, the legitimate interests pursued by Vungle and/or its Demand Partners; (iv) the identity of the Controller(s); and (v) and any other information required to comply with the transparency requirements of the EU Data Protection Law.

4.2.	Notice and Consent.  Developer represents and warrants it has provided (and shall maintain) all required notices and obtained all necessary permissions and consents in accordance with the Privacy Requirements from the relevant data subjects (including any parental consent required by applicable Privacy Requirements) on behalf of Vungle and all applicable Demand Partners to lawfully permit: (a) Vungle and all applicable Demand Partners to collect, process and share Ad Data; and (b) deploy Tracking Technologies in order to collect Ad Data from the devices of end users served with Vungle Ads,  in each case for the purposes contemplated by this Addendum.

4.3.	Consent Mechanism.  Where Developer is responsible for obtaining consent in accordance with Section 4.2 above, Developer shall, at all times, make available, maintain and make operational on the Developer Properties: (i) a mechanism for obtaining such consent from data subjects in accordance with the requirements of the Privacy Requirements; and (ii) a mechanism for data subjects to withdraw such consent (opt-out) in accordance with the Privacy Requirements.

4.4.	Consent Records.  Where Developer is responsible for obtaining consent in accordance with Section 4.2 above, Developer shall maintain a record of all consents obtained from data subjects as required by the Privacy Requirements, including the time and date on which consent was obtained, the information presented to data subjects in connection with their giving consent, and details of the mechanism used to obtain consent. Developer shall maintain a record of the same information in relation to all withdrawals of consent by data subjects. Developer shall make these records available to Vungle promptly upon request.

If Developer is unable to comply with its notice and consent obligations under this Addendum, Developer shall promptly notify Vungle and Vungle may elect to perform any one or all of the obligations provided Developer does not prevent Vungle from performing such obligations. In the event neither party is able to perform such obligations, Vungle shall have the right to terminate the Agreement without liability upon written notice.

4.5.	Prohibited Data Sharing.  Developer shall not: (i) share with Vungle any Personal Data that allows users of Developer Apps to be directly identified (for example, by reference to their name or email address); and (ii) pass to Vungle any personal data of children (as such term is defined under applicable Privacy Requirements), unless expressly agreed in writing and as permitted under Privacy Requirements. Upon request, Vungle shall provide Developer with such reasonable assistance as Developer may require to enable Developer to provide such notice and obtain such consents.


### 5.	Co-operation and Data Subject Rights.
The parties shall, on request, provide each other with all reasonable and timely assistance (at their own expense) to enable the other to comply with its obligations under the Privacy Requirements, specifically in order to enable the other to respond to: (i) any request from a data subject to exercise any of its rights under EU Data Protection Law (including its rights of access, correction, objection, erasure and data portability, as applicable) in relation to the Ad Data ("Data Subject Rights"); and (ii) any other correspondence, inquiry, or complaint received from a data subject, regulator, or other third party in connection with the processing of the Ad Data. Each party shall promptly inform the other if it receives any request directly from a data subject to exercise a Data Subject Right in relation to the Ad Data.

### 6.	International Transfers.
To the extent that Vungle processes (or causes to be processed) any Personal Data protected by EU Data Protection Law and/or originating from the EEA (including the United Kingdom) ("EEA Personal Data") in a country outside of the EEA, it shall first take all such measures as are necessary to ensure an adequate level of protection for such EEA Personal Data in accordance with the requirements of EU Data Protection Law.  For these purposes, the parties acknowledge and agree that Vungle shall provide adequate protection for any EEA Personal Data by virtue of Vungle having self-certified its compliance with the Privacy Shield. Vungle agrees to protect EEA Personal Data in accordance with the requirements of the Privacy Shield Principles.

### 7.	Vungle Data.
To the extent Vungle shares any Personal Data with Developer in connection with the Vungle SDK and Vungle Platform, the parties agree that (i) Developer shall process such data as a separate and independent Controller (where applicable Privacy Requirements recognize such concept) for the limited purpose of performance under this Agreement consistent with the consents given by the data subjects; and (ii) Developer shall be independently responsible for the obligations that apply to it as a Controller under the Privacy Requirements. Developer further acknowledges that Vungle is self-certifying its compliance to the Privacy Shield and may transfer to Developer Personal Data protected by EU Data Protection Laws. To the extent Developer processes any such data, Developer agrees to provide the same level of protection for such Personal Data as is required by the Privacy Shield Principles. Developer shall notify Vungle if it makes a determination that it can no longer provide such protection and in such event, shall cease processing or take other reasonable and appropriate steps to remediate (if remediable) any processing until such time as the processing meets the level of protection as is required by the Privacy Shield Principles.  

### 8.	Miscellaneous.
8.1.	Vungle reserves the right to modify, suspend or terminate the Agreement should Developer violate this Addendum.

8.2.	This Addendum shall survive termination or expiry of the Agreement.  Upon termination or expiry of the Agreement, Vungle may continue to process the Ad Data provided that such processing complies with the requirements of this Addendum and the Privacy Requirements.


## mopub-ios-sdk

The MoPub SDK License can be found at http://www.mopub.com/legal/sdk-license-agreement/

## nanopb

Copyright (c) 2011 Petteri Aimonen <jpa at nanopb.mail.kapsi.fi>

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or 
implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable 
for any damages arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any 
purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and 
redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you 
   must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use 
   this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product 
   documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and 
   must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source 
   distribution.

Generated by CocoaPods - https://cocoapods.org
